[AUDIO LOGO]
>> In December of 2021, the US
Congress approved a permanent
Pentagon office to study
UFO UAPs and their profound
implications for humanity and
with me to discuss other life
in this universe, why are
they here and what do we know,
is Tim, a tactical advisor to
covert German analysts trying
to understand the missions
and strategies of non-human
intelligences on our planet, in
the solar system, and beyond.
And Tim, welcome to the special
edition of "Truth Hunter."
>> Thank you, Linda.
>> And what I would like to
have you help me understand
so the audience can understand,
when you say tactical advisor
in the covert
governance in Germany,
what exactly does that mean?
>> So a tactical
advisor is someone
who's in the conventional field
and in the extra political
field working on
certain situations.
So you can be given a mission
or a situation, a task,
so to speak, where some
group on the planet
and outside of the
planet, whoever,
wants to have a
certain paper on it,
a certain advice on
it, a certain analysis.
And this is true for
the conventional field,
as well as for special missions
containing exotic content.
>> You might be one of the
perfect people to talk about
something that happened to
me going back 39 years ago,
to April of 1983.
And I had signed a contract
with Home Box Office
to do an hour documentary
called, "UFOs, the ET Factor,"
at a time where there was even
less information to anyone
in the world about ETs as
being other civilizations.
And a meeting was set up for
me at Kirtland Air Force Base,
and it was at the
Air Force Office
of Special Investigations.
And I was presented by an AFOSI
analyst there a briefing paper.
And what the cover said
was, briefing paper
for the President
of the United States
of America on the subject of
unidentified aerial craft,
UACs.
And in the briefing,
it also used UAVs.
And it was a history of
the United States retrieval
of crashed discs bodies.
And it came to a paragraph
that I have never forgotten.
And it said, "these
extraterrestrial biological
entities manipulated DNA in
already evolving primates
to create Homo sapiens."
And the Latin was
used in the paper.
And at another
paragraph it said,
"all questions and mysteries
about the evolution of Homo
Sapiens on this planet
have been answered,
and this project is
closed," quote, unquote.
And over 39 years, it
has been haunting to me,
trying to get to the truth
and the facts behind those two
sentences in a paper in a
United States Air Force base
where it was presented.
>> The current information is
that at least 15 species have
placed sample groups on
different spots on this planet.
So probably even
more, which means
there are three or four
hands full of species,
extraterrestrial
species, that certainly
had an interest in order
to develop a human species.
Which is the reason why there
is such a obvious multitude
of different styles of
human beings on this planet.
So--
>> Because there's been
many more than one genetic
manipulation?
>> Exactly.
>> And that's what he said
as well, the DIA retiree.
He said they all are
manipulating DNA.
>> Right, so we're talking about
a time that is pre 15,000 years
of now.
So it's way back.
So the current information
is that at least 15, maybe
even more, species have
done major placement
of sample groups, of genetic
sample groups, on this planet.
On different spots on Earth.
For example, for the Germans,
what developed as Germans
or what we would define
as Germans, way back,
they originated in India.
So that was one of
the sample groups
that had been placed there.
But all these species,
just like any other group
in the universe, any
other consciousness
unit in the universe, they all
have their own perspectives
of life.
They all have their own agendas.
Some of which are
very benevolent.
Some of them are hesitant about
the development of humanity
as a species.
Because humanity is
designed-- parts of humanity,
not all strains--
but some of them are
designed as warrior species.
>> You mean extraterrestrials
would manipulate DNA
in an already existing human
species in order to refine it,
or define it, into being
specifically a warrior?
>> From the perspective of
ET life and this history,
not including different other
aspects of the universe,
which might have a different
perspective on that,
you are right.
There are different species that
had an interest in developing
an ape race into a human race.
Because basically,
a human is an ape--
humans are ape races, which is
the reason why certain behavior
patterns that they show comes
from that evolutionary line
of being apes.
>> But would that manipulation
to create very specific human
types, whether it's for
war or for something else,
doesn't that imply that we are
essentially like humanoid AI
created by advanced
civilizations to provide them
some kind of service?
That they aren't interested in
us evolving as a free creation?
>> So a low number of species
might have had that thought,
yes, but some other
species don't.
For example, if you have
a garden at home and you
are planting a seed.
And you look at the
beauty of the plant that
is evolving from that seed,
and you take care of it.
There's a certain joy to it.
And some species, and a lot
of species, enjoy doing that.
So not all of these
manipulative species
have had bad intentions.
Some, however, a very
low number of them,
had an interest in bringing
the evolutionary potential
of the species, which
is in general, very
high on this planet.
We might talk about that
later because it's important,
but they might have had an
interest in bringing that
down as much as possible.
So if you're talking
about bad and good,
at this stage of
the universe, we
have 95 to 5 ratio good and bad.
Which means 95% of all
level three consciousness
beings out there
in the universe are
basically good and benevolent,
neutral, socially acceptable,
a lot of them don't even
the possibility of war
because it totally
makes no sense to them.
Because they see each other as
a species that evolves together,
needs to do cooperative
work, et cetera.
It doesn't make sense
to be self-destructive.
But the human race is
indeed one of those races
who carry the potential
of being warrior like.
>> I understand that you have
been face to face with what are
called the Grey types.
And I think that you
said that you have
been with them maybe 100 times.
We still, as a planet, have
been denied even the truth
that this is real
and they exist.
>> So maybe I'll use that in
order to bring understanding
to some of the motivations
for genetic modification.
Because indeed,
the Greys are one
of those species who have
done genetic modification
on human beings.
They have a very unique
agenda and a desire, a stock,
so to speak, in the human race.
Other species have
other agendas.
It might as well be the joy
of developing something,
it might well be
something in order
to bring forward
their own interest.
The Greys, from
their point of view,
they have gone
through a development
of their own species
where they got rid,
for example, of their own
natural biological bodies.
Which means from
their perspective,
had been a logical step.
Because if you don't have a
biological body that can die
or all these disadvantages
that might come with that,
that it brings advantage
to their species
if they get rid of that body.
But that is not quite how
the universe want things
to be proceeding naturally.
>> But that is a
heavy duty sentence.
That a species could decide
to get rid of their bodies.
What do you mean?
>> Basically, we have a
triad of three things.
So at first, there is a
body, an object or whatever.
A form, so to speak.
Then, we have an awareness,
which is consciousness.
And the third in this triad,
in this very triad model,
is a soul container, which
contains all the experiences
that every one of us
has made over some time.
The universe itself would like
to see that we evolve naturally
with all these three aspects.
>> How do you know what
the universe wants?
>> Because it brings
certain problems,
the evolution that
the Greys have done.
Meaning, getting rid of
their biological body
has brought certain, you could
call it spiritual disadvantages
to them.
Because if you're getting rid
of that, for example, getting
rid of pairing, which means
it's a natural connection
to the other.
Which means you might
get rid of emotions--
>> You're talking about body
container containing a soul,
and that the soul has
some quantum relationship
to the universe in terms of
everything that the container
has experienced goes into the
soul that tracks and keeps
the information.
>> 100%.
>> And that suddenly, there is
a civilization, ancient Greys,
that decide that they don't want
to deal with the organic phase.
How does the organic body of
the Grey look at each other
and say, we're going
to get rid of this?
And the soul does what?
This is a very, very
difficult concept.
And I've run into it before.
And you may be one of
the few people who might
be able to help us understand.
>> Sure.
>> What does that mean,
discarding the organic body
and then continuing
to evolve, how?
>> So the fundamental thought
of getting rid of a biological
body means that you might
see some disadvantages
in the biological body and
some advantages for a more
artificial body.
And that's what the Greys
thought and saw themselves.
They saw that a biological
body has certain disadvantages,
and it would be
more sophisticated,
easily to continue with
the artificial body.
So what they did,
and this is something
the Greys especially have.
It's their-- I don't want
to say their signature--
but what they do and what they
specialized on is extracting
the soul, which means
the soul container,
which is a geometric--
geometry, excuse me.
It's geometry code, which
can be extracted from a body
and being placed into something
else because it's information.
>> You're talking about a
mathematical relationship
between what the soul
takes in as information
and the universe, that there is
a kind of mathematical language
in this entire cosmos.
>> In terms of information,
it's information.
So the basic understanding of a
soul container is information.
It's just information that
can be extracted from one body
and being replaced.
So the Greys have for
their own evolution,
they have set some kind of
network all over the universe.
Which is some-- you could
compare it to the internet,
for example, where
you can upload
the information that
your soul vessel contains
and bring it into their system,
and then reverse and bring it
into a different, other body.
And through that
procedure, you get
rid of the loss of information,
that natural biological death
brings.
Because it's a constantly
evolving species.
And they have, through
their manipulation
of their own genetics, it
means that it can evolve very,
very quickly compared
to a natural evolution
of a biological being.
>> And that's why there's
government people I've talked
to say that there is one
progenitor Grey race, very old.
7, 8 feet tall, very
thin, large heads.
And the government people
who have talked to me
say they're the only ones
that are really truly organic
or can choose.
Are all of the other Greys,
whether the chins come
to a point or like a pair,
or large heads, or high,
are all of those
artificial intelligence?
>> No, we're not even
talking about one species.
So there's a huge number of
beings outside in the universe
that have grey skin, but
that doesn't mean they're all
the same.
So what we are talking
about are Grey beings
that are about this high.
And they-- I wouldn't say they
are artificial because that
would mean that their
consciousness is AI as well,
but that isn't the case.
They have a biological
consciousness,
but they use artificially
created bodies
that are contained--
that contain fibers.
So they have special material,
special fibers that they 3D
print, so to speak, in order
to create a vessel that
has all the features they need
to accomplish certain missions
in the universe.
>> I would love for you to take
us through the first time that
you were with one of the Greys,
but what was the environment?
I would like to know what
it would feel like to be
with one of these beings.
>> OK, so the first contact
ever was I was fairly young.
Because I already had
certain cases which
I was working on that
involved the fact
that life outside of
this planet exists.
I was prepared and asked
if I wanted to participate
in a direct contact.
>> And were you briefed and
shown photographs, videotapes,
something to prepare you?
>> I was thrown
into the cold water,
which means I basically had only
few sentences of what's going
to happen.
Which is basically something I
wouldn't recommend because it's
a huge factor for your own
perception of reality meeting
a different being,
especially the Greys.
So if you are asking me what it
feels like to meet with them,
it's certainly not the way it is
when we two, for example, meet
right here.
So it feels common or
usual, or whatever,
or friendly or something.
The situation was
that in this facility,
there are silverish,
greyish, metallic boxes all
over the place where you
have these kind of meetings.
>> Do you go into the
container first by yourself?
And then does the Grey come,
or was the Grey in there?
How did this occur?
>> So the first time ever was
I go inside of the container
on one side, left door.
I enter it.
There's the desk,
I just sit down.
The container is-- the lights,
it's fuzzy, diffused light.
So I was always
wondering why that is.
And I assume, but I don't
know, it's for your own brain
to not be capturing
too many information
that it's not used to.
Because brains like
information they know.
But coming to a
new situation might
confuse the brain in some ways.
I don't know that.
It's just an assumption
that I made over the years
because it's always in a
not fully bright light,
but it's a diffused light.
Just the way--
>> Like this?
>> Right, it might also because
somebody has said that to me
that there are some species that
are very allergic and sensitive
to light.
Which I don't think the
Greys are because they
have artificial pupils.
This almond formed,
greyish dark eyes.
>> It's technology.
>> Technology, you
could say that.
And they're seeing,
probably, an infrared
and a bunch of frequencies
that we don't see.
>> Yeah, so the spectrum of
information that they can
perceive and use is way
bigger than any of the natural
occurring features
of a human eye,
or any other eye on this planet.
>> And so you're
sitting at the desk?
>> I'm sitting at the desk.
I'm just waiting.
There's a second opening at
the back part of the container.
I assume that this Grey
being came from that.
It might as well
have been inside
of the container, which was the
case in several other meetings,
that the Grey is already
inside of the container.
The very moment you feel the
presence of this Grey being,
it's different
than anything else
that you have ever
experienced on this planet.
>> How?
>> They irradiate a
certain frequency.
Every one of us does.
But while we are
in an environment
where this resonance or
this frequency is mild--
you might be in a place where
someone with a strong presence
comes in and you
feel that presence,
but it's not overly shocking.
And you can also feel
a friendly frequency,
just as we do right now.
But in the moment this
greyish, this Grey
being enters the room, it's
a strong, crisp, frequency
that your body reacts
to very heavily.
>> And did it feel
like it was dangerous?
>> Yes, it feels
like it's hardly--
one is hardly able
to withstand--
>> Sustain.
>> --sustain that situation.
>> So what happens?
>> Nothing at all.
Not in the first
meeting because it
was meant to become
aware of the feelings.
A lot of meetings,
in the first place,
were just to get used
to that intense feeling
because it brings
you to a moment where
it confuses your brain.
Because the brain is still
checking, is this real,
is this alive, can
it hurt me at all.
This is number one.
The second thing is this
unbelievable strong, irritating
frequency in the room.
It's like the whole room is
vibing through that frequency.
You feel like every
aspect of reality
that you have is being brought
into confusion and chaos
in a way.
>> What happened when you
actually got communication?
>> So there's a kind of tablet
that contains two displays,
one on the bottom
and one at the top,
where you have different signs
and different languages that
can be translated.
>> Like an iPad?
>> Like an iPad.
But I assume, but I don't know,
that this is technology that
comes directly from the Greys.
Because the Greys are capable of
understanding human languages.
Not to a degree
where I would say
that they have a
perfect knowledge, which
I find pretty funny at times.
Because it's just the way
someone learns a new language
and they have
certain assumptions
from their own
cultural background.
>> But going all the way back
to the whole issue of that
briefing paper at
Kirtland Air Force Base,
if the Greys are the ones who
manipulated DNA and already
evolving primates to create
Homo sapiens sapiens,
why wouldn't they know
everything about us,
including they may have
even seeded languages?
I've been told that
Sanskrit is truly
an extraterrestrial
language on this planet.
>> Right, it is.
>> But back to--
>> Back to--
>> --where you are now with a
being and you get telepathic
communication.
So what was that like?
>> So the interpretation of
information that comes through
psionic waves, which
is a wavelength,
is very heavily influenced
by the cultural background
of the recipient
or the receiver.
Which means someone who
receives a certain message over,
especially with humanity being
ascending psionic race, which
means they have not all--
that they do have
their capabilities,
but it's not very well trained.
So the use of
psionic telepathy is
something that increases the
amount of information that
occurs inside of the room.
So it's more stressful.
So the first, beginning,
the most of those meetings
were just being in the
room getting used to it,
then it was over
technology, and then
you have telepathic information.
So if you have this
technology that
has the Grey language on
top and the German language
at the bottom, whatever
technology they use,
they can access this
tablet and the writing
appears at the top
of this display.
And it gets
simultaneously translated
into German, probably
into English as well,
or any other language.
You name it.
But there are
moments where there
are some very important
questions that
want to be explored and
need to be explored.
For example, their
intentions, the agenda.
>> What do you want?
>> What answer did you get back?
>> A lot.
Like where a tablet,
a technology,
and a translation through
language might not be enough.
Because there are some
aspects to their culture,
which might not
apply to a human--
to humanity and human culture.
>> Give an example.
What happened with you?
>> OK, so one of the most
important questions was,
why are you here?
Are you a friend?
What's your agenda?
And one of those things
was, what's your credo?
What's your motto?
What's, so a--
>> What do you live by?
>> What do you live by, right.
So that is something that comes
from the understanding how
humanity understand themselves.
They like to name
things, like this
is, I don't know, it's a marker,
something, this is a pen.
And not all species have
this tendency to name things.
So that is something where a
gap in communication occurs.
So asking the Greys,
what is your credo,
what do you live by?
You certainly have
three words appearing
on the top of this display.
And they don't make sense.
That translation don't
make sense at all.
>> What were those three words?
>> They could be translated
as protect, serve, synthesize.
>> Did you ever get an answer
to why the three words?
>> I did.
I mean, it was super important
because the credo defines
the ambitions and agenda
of a species, at least
from the standpoint of humans.
>> First word was protect.
>> Protect.
>> The second word, serve.
>> Serve.
>> And the third?
>> Synthesize.
>> Were they saying that
synthesize represents the fact
that they manipulate
DNA all the time?
That they are synthesizing
life everywhere?
Is that synthesize?
>> Synthesizing in a chemical
context means removing
a substrate from their
environmental context and bring
it into another one.
That makes only sense
if you understand
what the Greys are doing.
And what they are doing,
what they later told me,
they are preserving
the tonal dynamic
of the evolution of people--
species, humans,
whatever you name it.
>> And what do you
think that means really?
>> The universe itself is a
living singular life form that
needs experiences and different
viewpoints in order to have
diversity, and in order to
perceive learning and upgrading
itself.
What the Greys are doing
is protecting and guiding
all these beings that are
on a path of self-learning,
of evolution, and so on.
Because they heavily
depend on the experiences
of every other cell, so
to speak, in the universe.
They extract that knowledge.
What they are masters in
is to extract consciousness
from the body itself
and finding solutions
how to bring that consciousness
into another context
where the soul is learning
something new that it needs
to acquire to be on its
tonal dynamic, which means
to be on its evolutionary path.
>> Thank you, Tim, for taking
me into a completely different
relationship, I guess,
with our universe.
I have truly enjoyed this.
I am provoked.
And I want to thank you so
much for being in this special
"Truth Hunter."
>> Thank you, Linda.
>> Coming up on the
next "Truth Hunter."
>> The human species is a
so-called ascending psionic
species.
>> But we're on a planet.
We're just talking
about psionic.
It's verboten, it's
not acceptable.
We humans must grow up.
>> The only thing you need to
do is focus as much mind power
as possible onto the field,
and let it create itself.